defaultTab info (#2111)
mdn/interactive-examples: CONTRIBUTING-HTML.md

}
```

### Changing tab opened by default

> When HTML interactive example is loaded, HTML tab will be opened by default. We can change it to either `css` or `js`, by setting that value in `defaultTab` property. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an HTML interactive example is loaded, the HTML tab will be opened by default. We can change the default open tab to either `css` or `js`, by setting that value in the `defaultTab` property. For example:
```
